<div align="center">

# RAD Python Dice Rolling Application
</div>

## Description:
This Python program implements a fun and engaging dice guessing game. You'll roll a virtual die, and the game will secretly generate a target number 
between 1 and 6. After your roll, you'll need to guess whether the number you rolled is higher, lower, or equal to the target (which will be revealed later).

Roll standard six-sided dice (d6) by default.

## Gameplay
### Generating a Target Number:

When the game starts, a random number between 1 and 6 (inclusive) is generated by the computer. This number remains hidden from the user.
Rolling the Dice:

The user then rolls a virtual six-sided dice. The result of the dice roll (a number between 1 and 6) is displayed to the user.
Guessing:

After seeing the dice roll result, the user is prompted to guess whether the number rolled is:
Higher than the target number,
Equal to the target number, or
Lower than the target number.

## Outcome:

Once the user makes their guess, the target number is revealed to the user.
The application then compares the user's guess with the actual relationship between the rolled number and the target number.
The user is informed whether their guess was correct or incorrect.

## Replay:

The game can be played multiple times in succession. Each new game session generates a new random target number.

## How to Use
### Installation:

- Ensure you have Python installed on your computer.
- Clone this repository to your local machine.
1. Navigate to the projects root folder

```bash
cd path/to/project/root
```
2. Create a virtual environment

```bash
python -m venv ./venv
```

3. Activate the virtual environment
   Windows:

```bash
./venv/Scripts/activate
```

Mac/Linux

```bash
source venv/bin/activate
```

4. Install dependencies with pip

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Running the Game:

1. Navigate to the application folder

```bash
cd app
```

2. Run the application

```bash
python app.py
```

## Interaction:

Follow the on-screen prompts to roll the dice and make your guess.

## Feedback and Issues

If you encounter any issues while using the application or have suggestions for improvements, please feel free to create an issue in the GitHub repository.

## Credits

This code was created by 
